I've always dreamed of a giant trusting
system that pretty much covered an
entire dance floor each corner of the
dance floor had a totem and everything
was connected by overhead truss now
unfortunately I only have enough trust
to build something about this big which
isn't very big at all but the principles
are the same so let's go ahead and look
at how we would build something like
this out of f34 global trust America
dirt rust dock for our project chain
we're going to need four even light
sticks of truss or our vertical pieces
we're also going to need four Junction
blocks and four sticks of trust for our
horizontal pieces and you're also going
to need four bottom plates and one
fortunately I only have two today so
we're gonna have to use some imagination
on this one so first things first let's
set up these blocks we're going to need
12 of these couplers to do that and they
come with screws and the screws take a
ten millimeter allen which I have right
here the big ten mil what we're gonna do
is shoot couplers off of this light you
can see they're already attached but
we'll also need them maybe here on top
and then coming off to the side to make
a three-way connection now the way the
couplers go on is actually pretty
idiot-proof you'll notice there's a
little hole right here and if you look
really closely at the coupler you'll see
that there's a little knob sticking out
of there that knobs fits right into that
hole screw fits inside take your allen
and you tighten it down you can't screw
up positioning this way now when you
have it all as simple to should look
something like this you're gonna come
off this side off that side in either up
or down it doesn't matter I mean if I
flip this upside down you can a better
idea of what we're talking about here
this is going to connect to our trusting
that's gonna be below the block this is
gonna go out one way this is gonna go
out the other way now this is a six way
block you can actually take I guess 12
more of these couplers and make this a
six way and
six different rustics off for this thing
if you wanted to but for our purposes
today we're just gonna use the three
sites the first step to this should be
to take all of your vertical pieces of
trust detention to base plates now a big
trade shows I've seen people do it like
this before where they've taken their
two blocks and then they've taken their
lengths of truss attach them all on the
ground no matter how long they are
because of something like this and they
pin everything you end up with something
like that and then you build another one
just like that now on this creation you
just built you take another piece of
truss and make horizontal attachment and
secure it now we have an L so we have to
put another piece of drove other side
making a you the next step is to take
the other piece I told you to build
accommodation blocks and attach the two
together and now all you have to do is
take two big forklifts pick this thing
up and stick your truss legs underneath
it and then lower it onto the truss legs
okay so say you don't have access to two
big forklifts and who does really at
most gigs here's the way I think you
could probably build a booth with three
or four guys and a couple of a-frame
ladders as long as your booth isn't
crazy huge in size I'm thinking you
could probably go maybe nine feet tall
and possibly 12 to 15 feet wide on your
box check this out so you start off with
your totems with base plates attached
space to about where you want them lay
your totem on the ground then connect
your block
secure everything pin it up and watch
your blocks of caches grab a guy or tube
raise everything up in the air now that
you've got two pieces of trussing all
assembled with the blocks one down one
side of the truss one down the other on
a frame mutters get her up in the air
have some guys on the bottom to help
spot you with the totems maybe they need
to come in a little bit or either
whatever securely get them pinned might
take a little bit of messing around or
moving these tomes around that you can
do it a lot easier than you can't bring
in a couple forklifts into a gig once
you have your two sides built just like
before you may need help free crowd
support guys to move stuff a little
closer to you need be I do have a
recommendation for this
forgive me I'm building this with one
hand but you may not want to completely
pin this side right away what you may
want to do is make sure that you can get
the other side in first you need a
little bit of place so maybe one pin on
each side just until you get your other
piece of trust and so you have a little
bit of play and when you're all done you
should have something that looks like
this but hopefully a lot taller and a
lot wider so although this is as close
as I can get to my dream trussing set up
for now
you get the concept and that's how it's
built and those are the parts that
you're going to need although our sticks
of trust we're gonna have to be much
longer
and I'm gonna need some help when it
comes to building this thing to the size
that I want it to be so there's a video
for you that's how you would build
something like this those are the parts
you're gonna need and some ideas of how
to put together without using forklifts
if you have any questions let me know
down here in the comments section
practice and enjoy